The major problem that I see military people having working in the field
today is that they can probably expect to go to more wars if our
current leadership doesn't take the right actions to prevent that. We're
supposed to be policing the world in a way that prevents large
drawn out wars but unfortunately, with a lot of things that are happening
in the Yellow Sea right now, with a lot of things happening with
North Korea with their buildup of their weapon arsenal, with some
the things going on in the Middle East. We can see that the policing
that we're doing isn't fully effective in the way that we are seeing
decreases in the level of violence around the world. We are seeing
the same or even more than when I was in the military, so that could
be something that we can look forward to in the military from now
on.